school
Oh
walking down the hall
I really just got that on camera good
yes I do you feel like the last day
right huh
cry so bad I work so hard Lucas
it's a life you break up I have to
videotape
there's the thigh right there how do you
feel about the last day of ragtime
awesome getting ready to rock it out I
feel we're about to get some people
downstairs we're walking down here we
got in the back danger
well it's guard I'm not gonna go in
there is it oh yeah yeah I know I'm not
going locking can't see nothing back
here where does the magic happen on
stage this is a stage this is real magic
happens
this is really hard I am getting ready
right this is worth this is what I stand
I stand right here in this spot right in
this spot where you stand I stand I
stand everywhere actually but man where
he's like Bobby
okay wait who else is here we should get
the car you are pulling out so I can see
if I can
this is the Model T there what it
suppose I get so dark I can't you see it
yeah
it's barely well that kind of way yeah
here's our Model T was there even ask
people right and I guess can't see it
but any swing there yeah good job
Josh Josh
No
our just our favorite guide top so go
this is porky do it I'm actually pretty
excited
I mean I'm these tags I'm not going to
see you guys anymore but socially
Carlton and Josh and my buddy over here
oh yeah it's sorry I'm happy to be done
though
we want to come delegate out here
what all right go to pit for the
orchestra
yep sound system in the background the
casita
I'll system right there
yeah
ha
No
we're going to go downstairs
the best people have
never better get it right up on the
Facebook man
what
how are you our our yoga agenda yeah I
got bobby pins I'm gonna put them all in
my nice day all your little celestial
show because I want to see everybody but
I'm getting but hopefully we do good
okay ready
I
come on
No
are you going to last
hi sir
the lashing hi Stan good job
yeah
pretty good thought I might
how happy I am okay